Hello I'm Vincent Garyga, je
work at Société Générale
since 2010 ; first at ITEC
an IT departement
for  GLBA and since 2015
in the RISQ department.
I used to work with Jérôme
during several years
at ITEC then I could
therefore highlight
his professional qualities
but  here and now I want to focus
on his soft human skills
and I wish to hightlight them.
Jérôme is a man of convictions
that he is never
afraid to assert.
He promotes the general interest
before its particular interest.
He keeps his word.
he says what he does,
he does what he says,
no ulterior motives,
no agenda hidden.
I'm sure he'll put himself
at the service of employees,
of all employees :
at headquarters as well as in the
business units,
in France and abroad.
Independent of any pressure
of any organization
and with the help of Caroline his
substitute,
He will represent us
efficiently and will be
accountable only to us, the
employees.